What did you think about the Jake Paul versus Tyron Woodley fight?
Uh, well, I thought, I mean, I'm obviously I'm biased. I thought Tyron won. Um,
I had five rounds of three. And again, this,
maybe this is my bias in the way I was seeing it.
I thought he was more effective with the striking and he was more aggressive.
No, Jake had more volume. Um, but that was the only like thing I would give him.
And I guess a lot of people just didn't see it that way.
They thought he landed more significantly more punches.
I just didn't think anyone really did any damage.
It was a split decision.
Split decision. Yeah. Mm-hmm <affirmative> were you.
Surprised?
Um, well, it was the thing. So the thing I said, when I went in to fight him,
he said, we don't really, maybe he's good. Maybe is not. We have no,
we really have no idea to this point. You know?
And so I knew Tyron was a lot better boxing than I was. And so I thought,
okay, Tyron's, there's,
I think there's a good likelihood that Tyron beats him up. Um,
but there's the chance that Jake's kind of good at this.
And I think that's kind of what played out is he's kind of good at it.
Even if you saw it the way I saw,
he still was impressive in his showing and he's obviously put a lot of time into
it. So he is, he's not bad. <laugh>, we'll say that much.
You know, but isn't this surprising to you that like a elite level athlete,
combat athlete, mm-hmm,
<affirmative> lost to somebody who just takes it really seriously,
but is nevertheless not elite level.
Um Hmm. But, but I think boxing is a really specific rule set. Uh,
so we'll speak about Tyra. Not myself. Ty had had good striking, but the,
obviously it was his first boxing match ever. Um, and within mixed martial arts,
you have the,
the fear of the take down and the fear of the kick and fear of other things to
go along with the punching.
And so if you look at Ty and throughout his lot of times,
what set up his punches were like level change fakes at a takedown,
they dropped boom. And then something comes over the top. Right?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so there's many more elements to worry about in mixed
martial arts, whereas boxing there's only one. It was his first fight. Yes.
I thought heroin was gonna win. I thought this was gonna happen.
But like I said, I mean, it's pretty evident that Jake, he's not bad at boxing.
He's pretty solid. You know, he gets in there and works hard at it. I guess.
Out of 10 times, how many times do you think Jake wins against her? Against Ty?
Hmm. They fight again and again and again, like iterative.
Yeah. So I mean, I, I, part of the thing is, okay,
so Jake's corner said you need knockout going into the round. Right.
So I think they thought maybe they're trying to motivate him, but I,
I don't see it that way. Cuz if they,
if they were actually thought that he was winning,
why would they encourage him to take a dumb risk when Tyron has clearly has
knockout power, right. It's really stupid coaching philosophy.
If that's what you're thinking. So you obviously are thinking, Hey,
this is actually in the balance. It's competitive. Um,
and I feel like Tyran thought maybe he was winning and didn't have the urgency
necessary. And so I think he, he, there's a chance. He turns it up a lot.
Hmm, man. I would wanna watch him again before I, I, I, okay.
I have problem with my personality. Here's my personality, Alex. Um,
I have an issue with not being able to give really exact answers.
So I hate giving you an answer that like,
I don't feel like is a hundred percent calculated. Yeah. So, um,
I would like to see them go once more. Cause I would like to see, Hey Canty, if,
cause if Ty can turn the pace and, and Jake can't handle it.
And I think it's an eight one or nine two. Right. Um,
if it goes the exact same way and maybe Ty's a close, split decision,
I'm saying, oh, well it's probably gonna be close to every single time.
We're probably gonna get a five to five type of thing. You know? So it's like,
I feel like out of one match, it's not totally indicative of what the future is.
Gonna look like.
I feel like Ty would get a knockout and then you would still be in the same
place. Like not, not knowing, not knowing what to predict. Yeah.